---
title: blog2
layout: post
author: thomas.redmond
permalink: /blog2/
source-id: 1b0QCRYN2v_bjWI0MbXlXt7W8IeOl8h-voFW_dFq7YB0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>First scratch lesson</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>17/11/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I have done a bit of scratch at my primary school.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be able to make your sprite move.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes because it was moving fine.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I had to use perseverance to keep going even when I found it hard to understand. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I used questioning because I had to ask myself what to do and if it was the right thing to do. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I used independance because I didn't have to ask Mr keen what to do.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I used reflecting because I am thing what I could do better right now.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I used engagement because I had to concentrate on my work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have tried to answer more questions to show that I have a good understanding of Scratch.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to not be afraid to ask questions even if I am not sure whether it is right or not.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


Game = pac man 

Sprites = pac man, other players and the balls

Variables = lives, control manual, high score and ups

Game = Castlevania

Sprites = man , ghosts and hounds 

Variables = lives and things you collect

Game = Burger time

Sprites = chef, chickens and burger pieces  

Variables = lives, high score and ups

Game = Pheonix

Sprites = rocket and enemy ships

Variables = lives, high score and credits

Game = sonic 

Sprites = sonic and enemy's

Variables = obstacles, lives and high score 

Game = commando

Variables= lives, granades thrown, bullets shot and people killed

Sprites= the Commando and enemy troops

