---
title: blog 6
layout: post
author: thomas.redmond
permalink: /blog-6/
source-id: 12OHe-J8fAU2Xh3E3jtsYJGAs4vRq93Y5BqmVN7vf93Y
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Further website work</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/12/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Having done a bit of coding on github before. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To try to make your website look like it was snowing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>No because I was trying to fix my blog for the whole lesson and still didn't manage to fix it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I used this learning skill because I had to keep persisting to try and fix my blog even though I didn't fix it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I used this learning skill this week because I had to ask myself what to next that is different from what I had just done so that I would eventually
fix my broken code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I used this learning skill this week because I worked on my own to try and solve the puzzle of my broken blog. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I didn’t use this learning skill in the lesson but I am using it now to try to help to improve my work next time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I used this learning skill this week to help me focus on my work so that I stood a chance of fixing my code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have asked Mr keen a question about my work so that he could give me so help on fixing my code, instead of me trying to do it all on my own.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to ask some constructive questions about my work that give me clues on how to do things.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


