---
title: blog 20
layout: post
author: thomas.redmond
permalink: /blog-20/
source-id: 1Qb76HaAfnamXBQ8VNH9s8x9UUjPv50C9IB-9esp4qe8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Identity map</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>22/06/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Having done a plan for the identity map.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get back to my computer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>No but I very almost did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I used this learning skill this week because I had to work fast and concentrate on typing fast wich I can do but make a lot of mistakes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I used this learning skill this week because I had to keep asking myself whether I was typing fast enough to reach my target.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I used this learning skill this week because I was working on my own and giving My own feedback.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I used this learning skill this week because I had to concentrate on typing fast enough to reach my target.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have read there poster's content a bit more and put comments on that.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to read the work and then decide what to do.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


**My comments**

* You included lots of interesting information!

* I didn't know that you are a quarter welsh the map looks very good.

* Lots of very good information and images.

* It looks really god and has a lot of info

* Fill in some of the white gaps of paper but good info.

* Fill in the gaps with some more facts more colour needed.

* A lot of text.

* There is a lot of empty space that needs to be filled but otherwise good facts.

* A lot of empty space

* Colourful

* Factual

*  Very good facts but you could have included more info in the blank spots.

* Could put more info

* Coul fill the space more.

* Good detailed information.

* Ok amount of writing. Need more colour dont let that title stay grey.

* Color in title and make more exciting.

* I like the outlines around your pictures but you could maybe add some more pictures.

* Well done for making it look nice. You could have filled up the space though

* Well done clearly laid out and easy to read.

* You have good writing and good pictures but maybe fill the space a bit more.

* You do not have to many facts about  yourself but if is very good work

* I like the detail in your writing and the pictures stand out.

* I like your work but I think it could do with some more content 

* Could have added more content. Very colourful. Looks rushed.

           Maybe could be neater and maybe could have added a bit more. Otherwise, sehr gut

Cool hobbies! Maybe could add more colour:)

I think the title needs more colour but everything else about it is pretty good

Needs more information

Quite colourful but not a lot of pictures.

Still a lot of blank spaces.

 Very good

Well done on supporting man u

Could have included more information

