---
title: blog 10
layout: post
author: thomas.redmond
permalink: /blog-9/
source-id: 1DjGZHPXvng8zQke6AmUBo0PgYV6JV2O7oWr5GAe-0E0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Final lesson for making our scratch games</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>02/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Having done two lessons working on our scratch game.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get near to finishing my game</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>No because we only had half the lesson to do it in because we had to give feedback on other peoples games and I got stuck but couldn't ask Mr Keen for some clues because he was sorting out a computer.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I used this skill in the lesson time that we had because I had to keep trying different things even if they were not working.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I used this learning skill a lot this week because I was constantly asking myself how can I do this.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I used this learning skill this week even though I probably should have asked for some clues from Mr Keen. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I used this learning skill this week because I had to work very hard to try and get my game back up to speed with everyone else's even though I didn't.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have asked Mr keen for some clues after the lesson had finished so that at home I could work on my game.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to stay behind at the end of the lesson to ask Mr Keen if he could help me if I didn’t understand what to do.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


